Even order
[applause]
[Laughing]
[musics]
I'm an addict
Small but warm, with 2 children
But all
It was an ugly dream
[Laughing]
To me got To quite Isshori I lost also my dream Oh Oh
Tsubaki and you rally
Yup
Contact Well better Mars
Terrible
[musics]
[applause]
Yeah yeah yeah
Other than employment law
Kite to buy sister game tea
I 'm the one I've been working with but I bought it
Fucking player
I'm with the other bullet root
I hate it
Let's write in English What is the limit of patience for me
But all
It was an ugly dream, I like it
ana
I lost also my dream together To fine me got to
Hmm
[musics]
Welcome to know the Do Now amusement park
Oh
[applause]
It Oh your car fully compatible curse
Terrorism
A de-a a Well
Let's dance !
dare
Not Yara protect completely Nin roots that of Ralph like during this period
par rar
ana b
Well, all
It was a dream of Chinese cabbage.
Last day left for me
I do not write cartoon plum
So it became a little more famous
here you go
Oh like you like Miko-chan
[musics]
Even though it wasn't falling now
Tayoshi but brought a fur
Some trusted child
Well there was at such time
amaran
It has become oily
[musics]
me
Ssu
Taking the hand of my book that a child was like the old days is in the corner of the accident bookstore
What ride
6 laugh a little
I was happy alone
I was happy
[musics]
Porridge
That alone was happy
I was happy
[musics]
I will send you there
What 's up to the sound
Fly Tsu Nushi'
eh
car
[applause]